What is Report Portal?
==========================

Report Portal is service, provides great capabilities for speeding up results
analysis and reporting by means of built-in analytical features.

Report Portal is the great addition to the Continues Integration and Continues
Testing process.

It seamlessly integrated with mainstream platforms such as Jenkins, Jira, BDD
technology, majority of Functional and Unit testing frameworks.

Real-time integration allows to manage and track execution status directly from
Report Portal.

Test cases results will be stored with the same structure you have it in your
suites and test plan. The test cases will be shown with all related data in one
place, right where you need it: logs, screenshots, binary data. The execution
pipeline of certain test case available for you also, so one can see previous
execution result in one click.

Report Portal also give you an ability to collaboratively analyze test
automation results. Particular test case can associate with a product bug, or
automation issue, system issue and even could be submitted as an issue ticket
directly from this execution result. With automatic track back.

Report Portal provides great capabilities along with auto-results analysis by
leveraging historical data of test execution.

So with next execution Report Portal will automatically figure out root cause of
fail, doing analysis itself, and afford you with the flag were engineer should
pay attention and which test cases results require actual analysis by human.

 

**What technologies are behind it?**

Considering high loading rate and in order to provide high performance, we use a
cutting edge technologies:

-   NoSQL MongoDB - super fast write to DB, clustering.

-   REST Web Service - light weight requests, simple standard.

-   Mobile responsive UI - check it at any mobile device with default browser.

